Unresolved bugs I have noticed

1. SOLVED - accidental redecleration of "dynamic_id" meaning it could never be = 1
Physics engine freezes when clipping between wall and object with 0 velocity.
Only happened once and have been unable to recreate.

2. 
Sometimes collisions act like they have friction of sorts when colliding.
But more extreme.
Like sometimes the velocity along the axis perpendicular to the collision will completely flip.
I believe it is due to my handling of corner collisions but I am not sure how.
Unable to consistently recreate.

3. SOLVED - Was an issue with deterimining which object was more negative in position as I took their influence rect positions instead of their real positions
Rigid body seemed to go at least 5 pixels into a static body before anti clipping triggers?
Likely a collision problem with high speeds?
Only seen once

4. LIKELY SOLVED - Have not been able to recreate and likley solved with 3.
Rigidbody seemed to be stuck in wall for a second, triggering anti clip 10 times before escaping
Not sure if this actually happened though because I am not sure if that is what really happened

5. SOLVED - It was an issue with the old collision time function registering false collisions at tiny velocities
At very small, smiliar velocities, objects would continually collide with each other as if they were stuck too each other.
However at larger velocities nothing noticable happens.

6. SOLVED - Had to add an additional check for when velocities are the same and ensure no collision happens
Program freezes between collisions when using materials for object.

7. SOLVED - Set the max dynamic friction to half the relative velocity for each object. Works perfectly
With a somewhat bouncy floor, objects gradually lose their velocity at an ever decreasing rate to the point they rapidly bounce.
Whilst I want to change that and prevent the rapid collisions from happening at small velocities,
when there is another object on top, the two objects continually apply friction to each other.
And whilst each try to reduce the relative velocity to 0, they consequently oscillate back and forth as
both try to apply the friciton to each other to reduce the relative velocity to 0

